Document that env vars need to be set on both code servers and runs in order to work when used in resources (#14460)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/deployment/guides/aws.mdx

- A Dagit container for loading and launching jobs
- A `dagster-daemon` container for managing a run queue and submitting runs from schedules and sensors
- A Postgres container for persistent storage

> - A code server container that provides information about your code to Dagit and the daemon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A code server container that provides information about your code to the Dagster UI and the daemon
```

A few things:
- Dagit should be Dagster UI
- Nitpicky, but removing the period for consistency
